Small enhancement on the explanation on Matched Funding; Added reference section at the bottom. (#2793)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/daos/nns/neurons-fund.mdx

### 2: NF's participation in decentralization swaps

If a proposal to create an SNS is adopted, the decentralization swap, where initial tokens of the SNS are sold, starts. 

> The extent of the NF's involvement in a specific SNS swap is decided by the Matched Funding scheme. Under this scheme, the NF’s contribution increases in proportion to the direct participation in the swap. This design ensures that the fund's involvement accurately reflects market interest and participation levels. For further information on Matched Funding see [here](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/Matched_Funding).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extent of the NF's involvement in a specific SNS swap is decided by the Matched Funding scheme. Under this scheme, the NF’s contribution increases in proportion to the direct participation in the swap. This design ensures that the fund's involvement accurately reflects market interest and participation levels. Read further information on [Matched Funding](https://wiki.internetcomputer.org/wiki/Matched_Funding).  
```

> At the beginning of the swap, NF neurons' maturity is reduced proportionally to the maximum possible NF participation (`M`). If the decentralization swap is successful, the NNS mints an amount of `X` ICP as determined by the Matched Funding scheme. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the beginning of the swap, the NF neurons' maturity is reduced proportionally to the maximum possible NF participation (`M`). If the decentralization swap is successful, the NNS mints an amount of `X` ICP as determined by the Matched Funding scheme. 
```
